Update access-your-workspace.rst (#7723)
mattermost/docs: source/collaborate/access-your-workspace.rst

.. tab:: Mobile

  1. Download and install the Mattermost :doc:`iOS mobile app </collaborate/install-ios-app>` or the :doc:`Android mobile app </collaborate/install-android-app>`.

>   2. When prompted, enter the Mattermost server link and a display name for the Mattermost instance. Server URLs must begin with either '''http://''' or '''https://'''. The display name is helpful in cases where you connect to multiple Mattermost instances. See the :doc:`server connections </preferences/connect-multiple-workspaces>` documentation for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. When prompted, enter the Mattermost server link and a display name for the Mattermost instance. Server URLs must begin with either ``http://`` or ``https://``. The display name is helpful in cases where you connect to multiple Mattermost instances. See the :doc:`server connections </preferences/connect-multiple-workspaces>` documentation for details.
```
